The President:
We all know the past few
years have been difficult for
this country.
After the worst recession
of our lifetimes,
it's going to take longer than
any of us would like for the
economy to fully recover.
But there are plenty of
steps we can take to speed up
the recovery.
There are things we
can do -- right now --
to help create jobs and restore
some of the financial security
that so many families have lost.
Now, the other side
isn't so optimistic.
They think all we can
do is cut taxes --
especially for the
wealthiest Americans --
and go back to letting banks
and corporations write their own
rules again.
That's their plan.
But I think they're wrong.
We tried their ideas
for nearly a decade,
and it didn't work out so well.
We can't go back to the
same policies that got us
into this mess.
We've got to move forward.
We need to build an
economy where hard work and
responsibility are rewarded --
where you can find a good job,
own your own home,
maybe start a business,
and give your kids the
chance to do even better.
That's where we need to go.
And I've been pushing Congress
to help us get there by passing
a few common-sense policies
that would make a difference.
Democrats and Republicans have
already done some important work
together -- from passing
tax cuts for workers,
to opening up new markets
for American products,
to reforming our patent system.
But now we need to do more.
That's why we made Congress
a handy "To-Do" list --
just like the kind
I get from Michelle.
It's short, but each of the
ideas on this list will help
create jobs and build a
stronger economy right now.
First, Congress should stop
giving tax breaks to companies
that ship jobs overseas, and
use that money to cover moving
expenses for companies that
bring jobs back to America.
Second, Congress should help the
millions of Americans who have
worked hard and made their
mortgage payments on time
refinance their mortgages at
lower rates and save at least
$3,000 a year.
Third, Congress should help
small business owners by giving
them a tax break for hiring
more workers and paying them
higher wages.
Small businesses are the
engine of economic growth in
this country.
We shouldn't be
holding them back --
we should be making it
easier for them to succeed.
Fourth, if Congress
fails to act soon,
clean energy companies will see
their taxes go up and could be
forced to lay off employees.
These companies are putting
Americans to work and helping
break our dependence
on foreign oil.
Congress should extend
these tax credits.
And finally, Congress should
help our veterans returning from
Iraq and Afghanistan by
creating a Veterans Job Corps.
Our men and women in uniform
have served this country
with honor.
Now it's our turn to serve them.
So that's Congress's
"To-Do" List.
But now we need them to
start crossing things off.
I need you to call your
Members of Congress,
write them an email, tweet, and
let them know we can't afford to
wait any longer to
get things done.
Tell them now is the time to
take steps we know will grow our
economy and create jobs.
You're working harder.
You're meeting your
responsibilities.
And your representatives in
Washington should do the same.
Let's push Congress
to do the right thing.
Let's keep moving this
country forward together.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.